Good evening.
Good evening. May I introduce myself?
My name is Köppl.
Manners Coach,
Member of the Etiquette Club
Good evening, Mr. Köppl.
My problem is that wherever I go,
people don't greet me
properly anymore.
Sadly, you're not the only one
who's not greeted properly.
You arrive, and...
I mean, no one does this anymore.
It's disappeared.
Apparently,
it's out of fashion.
And I ask myself,
is there any equivalent?
There's nothing better
than the classic handshake...
Not the handshake.
I can understand if this
has become difficult,
but if they'd just
lift it like this...
Ever so slightly, like this...
Wouldn't that be alright?
If you were just to...
Of course,
I know just what you mean,
but that's neither here nor there.
True.
- You see.
I've spit on you.
- Just a bit.
Okay...
Just a moment, it's no problem.
One always has a tissue in the pocket.
Held in your hand,
it's called a handkerchief.
LOOK WHO'S BACK
BASED ON THE NOVEL BY
The people have
surprised me most of all.
I have truly done
all that is humanly possible
in order to, on this
soil desecrated by the enemy,
destroy the foundations
for a continued existence.
By all rights, the German people
should have ceased to exist.
They are, however, as I now realize,
still here.
To me, this seems
almost inconceivable.
On the other hand,
I'm here too.
And that I understand just as little.
The enemy
seems to have taken a respite.
Above me
I can see no enemy aircraft.
No thunder of artillery
can be heard.
A bird
moves in the branches of a tree!
It chirps. It sings.
Physically, I am in good condition.
I am fully healthy,
except for the headache.
Is Dönitz lying around here too?
Who's that loser?
- Are you okay, mister?
Oh, the youth.
The youth is the future.
Apparently, the youth is speechless.
Yes, understandable.
It is, after all, an unusual turn
in the daily routine
of a not yet fully mature man,
to experience the Führer firsthand.
Where's Bormann?
- Who the heck is that?
Bormann, Martin.
Never heard of him.
What's he look like?
Like a Chief of Staff,
for God's sake.
Boys, come back here.
We're not done with the shoot.
Okay.
- Yeah, we're coming!
Hitler youth Ronaldo!
Which way is the street?
Dude, what a retard!
From the troubled hotspot Berlin-Mitte,
we're off to Marzahn
and Hellersdorf,
where there is even more hardship.
I have to get back
to the Führer bunker.
The youth here
are apparently not much help.
BRANDENBURG GATE
The rubble is gone,
but the people
seem to have gone completely mad!
Did I fall into a coma
and miss the victory?
I know too little about my situation.
I need more information!
How do I get
to the Reichs Chancellery?
Where is the Chancellery?
Hitler kaputt!
What... what is that?
A photo.
Where?
Excuse me,
where is the Reichs Chancellery?
Hey man, get lost.
Please tell me where it is.
The German people are at stake!
- Are you nuts?
I can't speak, I'm a pantomime!
Find your own spot!
Piss off! For real!
There is no doubt about it,
something here had gotten
completely out of hand!
Finally, a familiar element!
A German mother
with her baby.
What date is it?
Speak!
What year is it?
I'd like a coffee.
Anything else?
OCTOBER 23, 2014
Now hold on there!
Hey, get your hands off that!
COMMERCIAL TV STATION
Good morning!
Someone's happy.
- Yes,
and no wonder,
you always make me laugh.
For joy.
Not because you look like that.
How do I look?
- So black.
Because black is more like, sad,
and when people laugh...
Oh God, a rat!
That's Jackie.
You can't bring a rat here!
- Shh, only today.
It's going to the vet later.
- It's sick?
Just a little cold.
Oh God!
And...
it's pregnant.
- Why's that?
That big sack, the belly there.
- Those are his nuts.
Rats collect nuts too?
A TV network is like a ship.
It can only survive bad weather,
storms and lulls
if it has a good man at the helm.
Christoph Sensenbrink,
as deputy head of the department,
has done an excellent job.
Now we need... Yes.
Now we need a long-term solution.
Ladies and gentlemen...
... the new managing director:
Katja Bellini!
Ha!
I'm so excited!
Good luck.
- Thank you.
May you always find fair winds
and following seas!
Don't screw it up.
- I won't.
Thank you for this opportunity,
for your confidence, and
I look forward to working
with each one of you. I say:
Cast off!
Now let's get to work.
Me too.
And, what do you say?
Mr. Kärrner, do you really believe...
- Christoph,
you're still
Deputy Director.
Deputy...
Alright.
Christoph...
Congratulations.
- Thanks, that's nice of you.
Sensenbrink asked for you.
- Yes.
The next nasty rat.
- Jackie's not nasty.
No, but Sensenbrink
sure is a curse.
Look up "moron"
in Wikipedia, and guess what?
You get a definition
of the word "moron"...
... and soon, a picture of me.
Come with me.
You can't just fire me,
just like that!
It's an austerity measure.
And unfortunately, unfortunately,
it hits the freelancers first of all.
Oh, Sawatzki...
Look, you always
wanted to be a great filmmaker.
And now you finally
get the chance.
I have new footage.
It's a real scoop.
A scoop?
Go ahead then.
Kids from the ghetto,
dad's an alcoholic... It's just so sad.
But they all have one glimmer of hope,
and that glimmer of hope
is soccer.
Feeling better?
What...
... what year is it?
2014, what did you think?
1945?
I have to...
- No, no!
Stay seated.
- Is this a kidnapping?
Yes!
That was a good one!
Could this be an enemy
secret service playing a trick on me ?
But then they would have
created a whole new world!
One in which I can
move about freely.
A parallel world!
No, that is inconceivable.
The enemy wouldn't have sent
this dumb newspaper monger.
Perhaps I should kill him to be sure.
Eat this,
for your circulation.
Go on, here.
I don't want you fainting on me again.
Industrially pressed grain.
Are there still
supply shortages for bread?
Are you shooting a film here somewhere?
Shootng?
Yes, television,
or a documentary or something.
Do you always walk around like that?
- Actually, yes.
This is surprisingly sweet.
Amazing.
Your whole stance.
It's like you're really him.
I'm really... who?
The Führer.
I am the Führer.
You're crazy!
Do you have
'Völkischer Beobachter' or 'Stürmer'?
Haven't had those papers in a while.
- 'Panzerbär'?
These are all Turkish.
I get a lot of Turkish customers.
Turks, in Berlin?
How remarkable!
The Ottoman Empire
managed to turn the war.
I wouldn't have expected
such a feat from the Turks!
"Is our life pre-determined?"
"Who determines our fate?"
I'd like to know that too.
I would never have dreamed
fate would drop you on my doorstep.
What did you say?
Well, that fate...
That's it!
Fate.
Destiny.
Who else would destiny
have brought back?
Destiny, then.
It tells me
to continue my fight.
You know,
my fate is not all that easy either.
Quiet!
The first step
is always acquiring information.
And a newspaper stand
is brimming with information.
Apparently,
people thought I was dead.
Over the past decades,
many amateurs tried in vain
to get the public to grasp my work.
It seems, the war was not won.
The Russians divided the country
with the West, as once Poland with us.
The so-called
Federal Republic of Germany
is in the hands of a clumsy woman
with the charisma of a wet noodle.
This matron joined forces
with the Bavarian Christian party:
to form a pitiful copy
of National Socialism!
The sight of the Social Democrats
filled my eyes with tears.
Paul Löbe, Friedrich Ebert,
Otto Wels...
All scoundrels.
But scoundrels of stature!
They can take our lives,
but not our honor!
Today, the Social Democrats are led
by an obnoxious fatso
and a docile farm hen!
... knitting for change.
The only hope is an oddball party
called 'The Greens.'
After the war,
industrialization caused
terrible devastation
to land, air, soil and people.
These Greens dedicated
themselves to the preservation
of the German homeland.
I say: Bravo!
Their rejection of nuclear energy
was of course nonsense.
You can't do without uranium!
Even Poland still exists.
And on German territory, no less!
The whole war was a waste!
Alright, then.
I have no problem if you
spend one or two nights here.
Just don't
clean out my newspaper stand.
Now you listen here.
Do I look like a criminal?
You look like Adolf Hitler.
Exactly.
Hotspot Berlin.
Kids here have serious problems,
but they have one ray of hope,
and that ray of hope is: soccer.
Just keep playing.
That's it.
Hold up the ball. Like this.
- Fabian.
I believe in you.
But hurry up and come back.
We've met their parents,
now let's meet them.
It's all trash.
If I had a scoop,
they'd take me back.
... something we love,
something these kids love...
Who's that?
- Mom! That's me.
No, back there.
Looks like Hitler.
In the middle of Berlin.
That is a scoop.
Oh my, what a smell in here.
- What?
Push out the other rack.
Well?
Now I even have to work.
Really now! Sits around here all day!
Yesterday I was moving
the 12th Army.
Today it's a newspaper rack!
Say, is that smell coming from you?
Really, you've got to
take that thing to the cleaners.
25... 30...
PINARBASI EXPRESS CLEANING
... and 2.40.
There you go. 28.
- Thank you.
I'm relieved.
- I believe it.
Bye.
- See you next week.
Good bye.
- Hello.
Hello.
- I'd like my uniform cleaned.
May I?
It reeks like a foxhole!
All of it?
- Yes, it all has to be cleaned.
Yes...
No, not underwear!
- This too, please?
No.
But it's also quite...
- No. No. That stays on.
Is completely filthy.
- And what now?
Clean it.
- I'm sorry.
Coat... and pants.
Men's pants.
Coat, 5 euros.
- And underwear.
Underwear?
Underwear me no do!
Please do the underwear as well.
- Oh my!
I can't walk around
wearing this anymore.
Oh my.
Those are pants, that's 3 euros.
And here you go, your slip.
What watch you come?
You are?
What?
- What watch? Tomorrow.
What watch is coming?
- Yes.
Why is a watch coming?
10 o'clock, 11 o'clock...
- Early. When do you open?
9.
- All right.
9 o'clock too early!
A little later come.
When?
- When. 12. 12!
Here you go.
Oh!
- I can't go out like this.
Yes, I know.
- Yes.
Do you have something?
Another uniform for me?
Come on!
What is it?
- Come on. Here he is!
Here.
- Who is this?
This young man has been
looking for you all morning.
From TV. Commercial TV.
Isn't that correct?
Yes, of course. Uh...
Sawatzki, Fabian.
- Hitler, Adolf.
German Reich.
Your manager said
you have a program?
Of course I have a program.
Then say something like,
"Since 5:45 we are returning fire!"
Like that?
If you are quoting my speech,
you must know
how it continues.
There's more?
- I'm listening.
From now on, we shall
repay bomb for bomb!
What do you know about Poland?
Uh, Poland...
The capital is Warsaw...
Just facts from a book.
A paper moth can digest that.
How about real knowledge?
You have 1.4 million men and
only 30 days to take the whole country.
Why only 30 clays?
- Where do you attack?
And how do you
keep the Romanians quiet?
The Romanians?
- Oh, pardon me.
Who cares about the Romanians?
General Sawatzki,
he looks neither left nor right.
He just starts marching,
that General Sawatzki.
Poland is an easy foe!
But what's this?
Suddenly, our army has lots of
small holes in its back.
And out of those holes flows and oozes
the blood of German heroes.
Has our General perhaps forgotten
about the Polish-Romanian alliance?
You, Sawatzki, could not find the way
to Poland for any army in the world!
You cannot even find the way
into your own uniform!
I, on the other hand,
I know at all times where mine is!
It's at the cleaner's!
Sorry. Now that...
You really had me there.
You prepared that, didn't you?
Yes, of course.
We had it all planned out since June.
You can tell. It's...
How lucky that you've found me.
This is my, I mean, your chance.
I'll make you huge.
You march through modern Germany,
and I'll film you.
I like that idea.
Say, your uniform...
You'll have it back by tomorrow?
- Yes, of course.
Good.
- Yes, it's a blitz cleaning.
Oh God! Blitz?
Oh God. I'm sorry.
How embarrassing.
I'm really very sorry.
You were completely right.
He is really sensational.
And he's not even acting, he's...
... it's just who he is.
Who are you talking about?
- Adolf Hitler.
Oh yes, how nice.
The only thing I'm missing is money.
It doesn't have to be a lot either,
but...
Just... just a little...
Mom, the money
is a really good investment.
Do you need your car
in the next few days?
That is the vehicle?
Yes, I...
- But that is no vehicle.
I know it's not...
It doesn't have anti-mine armor!
- But I have clothes for you.
Sawatzki, I should have you
lined up against the wall for this!
Why are you laughing?
Do you think this is funny?
It is in moments like these
that I sorely miss my SS.
Let's go.
- Excuse me...
You still have to pay for the papers
and the chocolate. 26 euros 40.
26 euros, ah.
You have rendered your fatherland
a great service.
This glorious moment is something
you'll share with your grandchildren.
And that is priceless.
Farewell.
So what's your real name?
Adolf Hitler! Like I told you!
Really?
- Yes, really.
What a coincidence.
Oh please, you have a name too.
I don't say, "Oh, what a coincidence!"
And you look like him.
The moustache, the hair...
... your language.
It's exactly the same.
And do you look much different
than your name?
I guess you're right.
The Führer in Northern Germany,
where wind and waves
crash against the cliffs of Sylt...
There he is, the Führer.
Gazing out to sea...
... thinking perhaps of England.
People in a creative crisis
come up with odd suggestions.
Sawatzki wanted to film
"The Führer at the Bank,"
or "The Führer by the Sea."
With me in a bathing suit!
Goebbels would've
turned in his grave.
Something wrong with the television?
Vegetables.
That is a television?
Yes.
What advanced technology!
What splendid means of propaganda.
But why is it showing a cook?
There must be...
... something more interesting in
Germany or in the world than this cook!
Not at this hour.
Eileen discovers her favorite dish:
Red jelly with vanilla sauce!
What a treat...
- Delicious...
The blood sausage...
- And with my best friend!
Shit, I was hoping to have sex!
But I guess not.
So I threatened him
with my lawyers...
What blatant nonsense this is!
And that court matron just nods away!
And with an earnest expression!
It's a good thing Goebbels
can't see this!
You accepted a bribe
from my wife as well!
Makes you really want to mow down
this scum with an 8.8 flak gun!
It was now clear to me what
I'd address in Sawatzki's TV reports:
Politics.
We're traveling the country,
asking people
about issues of importance,
about where the shoe pinches.
Oh, I see.
Well, I think the shoe pinches most
when it comes to wages.
Do you have the feeling
you have a say in democracy?
No. And honestly, I don't vote.
Out of principle.
I still think the elections are
manipulated. Nothing changes.
I come from the former East,
and we had to put our X
where it belonged.
I think that now somebody puts the X
somewhere else afterwards. Really.
Yes, and people are afraid
to talk about it.
You can't say anything either.
If you do, they'll call you xenophobic.
The immigrant kids
around here are just awful.
They throw things at the window.
If I say anything,
the parents might stab me.
That's right.
I will take care of it.
May I take a photo of you.
- Sure.
My name is Annett, by the way.
- Adolf, hello.
It was as I suspected:
During my absence, democracy had only
left a minimal impact on people.
Well, a lot could be changed.
- Like what, for example?
Labor camps.
- Indeed, labor camps.
That's how I am.
- Me too.
I say it like it is.
- Of course.
I'll take care of the camps.
- Good.
I will.
- I'll help you with that.
It's a problem we have in Germany too.
What problems
does Germany have?
Well, all those bearded folks,
the ones who are suspicious
should be kicked out,
to wherever.
They should head back.
- Home.
Some were born here, but still.
Where their parents come from.
- And they should stay there.
Who are you talking about?
- The Salafists.
The Salafists?
- Yes, get rid of them!
There was a silent anger,
a discontent among the people
that reminded me of 1930.
Only back then there wasn't the fitting
term for it: political disenchantment.
He who knows people, loves animals.
- True.
Where do you
see the problems in Germany?
That more and more immigrants
are arriving,
I don't think that's so great.
But little people like us,
can't change a thing.
But when many little people,
little men and little women,
come together
to elect one big, strong person,
then you could change something.
- That's true.
Mixing the races
doesn't work either.
Take the German Shepherd, a purebred.
- Right.
And if you mix the German Shepherd
with a Dachshund, what do you get?
A Shepherd-Dachshund.
And how does that look?
- Funny.
And now just imagine
that two Shepherd-Dachshunds
would mate.
That's it
for the German Shepherd.
The German Shepherd
is completely lost.
Correct.
- The race is gone.
That's what's happening in Germany.
- Exactly.
The IQ quotient of people from Africa...
Just from Africa.
- Yes.
...t hat come here to Germany
is between 40 and 50.
Here in Germany
we used to have over 80.
You mean the intelligence quotient
was once 80?
80 and higher.
- And what is it now?
I'd say the IQ is around 60 percent
at most, at the very most!
But the more immigrants
flood the country,
the lower...
- The lower the IQ gets.
Yes, it's true!
- You're so right.
I'll tell you one thing,
and I swear to you:
I'd have myself shot
for my Fatherland, if necessary.
It sufficed to put out
a few keywords as bait,
and soon I had them
wriggling on the line.
Just think of Ebola.
We didn't have that before.
Now that so many are coming,
we have our first Ebola death.
Yes, of course.
And how do you think that happens?
Because we Germans
are not allowed to open our mouths,
because we still have that stigma.
I have to honestly say,
that's not my opinion.
I'm very resolute.
I'm not a radical,
but I will always stand on the right.
Always.
Those politicians just
pocket the money for themselves.
And I'm surprised that
the millions of people like you
don't go to Parliament
with pitchforks to demand:
"What are you doing with our money?"
But the German per se
is not a revolutionary.
Would you follow me too?
Well, right now isn't such a good time,
I have to get to work.
How did Hitler
get that moustache?
The war.
I clipped it
to fit it in a gas mask.
How was it before?
Was it...
... like those big Wilhelminian
mutton chops?
Out to here.
- Exactly.
You had one of those?
- Yes.
Then came the gas attack,
so I clipped it, and it fit.
That's a good story you came up with.
You know what?
We'll get you a dog.
Yes, a nice big German Shepherd.
- Uh, exactly.
Can they do anything besides run?
They can sit, lie down...
I breed dogs for families.
"PULSHOF" DOG BREEDERS
I always say,
my dogs are my kids.
A problem child.
I found it, took care of it,
He's actually quite cute,
the little guy.
Now come to uncle!
You little...
you little cute thing, you.
Uncle always loved dogs so much,
yes he did!
Her name's Sweetie.
Could we borrow one of these dogs?
Borrow?
- Borrow.
I don't even know you.
That takes trust.
- Yes.
They're very sensitive.
- We'd take good care of it.
The Führer really loves animals,
he knows animals.
He gets on their level,
and they like him.
- Get off, beast!
I see it with him all the time,
animals come up to him and...
Was that really necessary?
Yes!
It was the only language he understood!
Give me the gun.
- No. It's mine.
You can't walk around
with a loaded pistol!
You can really overdo it
with this method acting! I'm keeping it.
What is this noise?
What is this... this noise?
It's, it's hip hop.
"Nigger, nigger."
What's that about?
It's kind of like praise.
Praise?
- Yes.
What nonsense! Nigger is a swearword,
for Negro, any child knows that.
Do you think I was born yesterday?
- No.
"Nigger" means something like
friend, brother...
Just nigger: Friend.
Friend?
- Yes.
Nigger?
Hey, nigger!
- Ah!
How you doing, nigger?
- Get it away!
That's so gross!
- What's wrong?
Get that... Yuck!
Yuck!
Get a hold of yourself!
Completely soft in the belly
and degenerate!
But just wait.
I'll make a man out of you.
It's only a dead dog.
It has to be sent by registered...
- Later, not now!
That fucking housefly.
Sawatzki, what is it now?
I'm in the middle of a shoot.
It'll be a major scoop.
- Bye.
No, please.
Just give me a chance.
It'll knock your socks off.
If you don't like it,
I'll never call you again.
Just give me a chance, please!
Okay, last chance.
Thanks. We just have
one small problem.
And that is, our money has run out,
and... I need my expenses covered.
It's a very bad connection.
- You could transfer it to...
You're shaking your phone
and stuttering.
Shit.
What did you do?
I tried to kick a pesky fly.
That's my mother's car.
Are you insane? We have no money!
What do we do now?
- Don't be a whiner, Sawatzki!
What do you think I would've become
if I hadn't gone into politics?
A painter.
PORTRAITS
DONATION WELCOME
Hello, there.
Feel like
having your portrait drawn?
Have what drawn?
- A portrait.
Of Hitler?
- Of you.
I'm finished.
A caricature.
Looks just like you.
Do you like it?
- Yes.
I'm afraid to say no.
- How do you see yourself?
As a vagabond.
- A vagabond?
Yes.
I've given it extra effort.
This is what happens to vagabonds.
And those are the tears
that you will cry.
Hang the picture at home, and...
hang yourself next to it.
- I will.
And today, in the year 2014,
if someone comes
to the central square in Bayreuth,
impersonating Hitler,
and if that is tolerated
by the general public,
then I have to say:
That is bad for Germany.
And if it were up to me,
I would have you chased off.
So much for the idea
that nobody would donate.
Are you married, Sawatzki?
No.
- I thought as much.
What's that supposed to mean?
- It takes courage to get women.
And that's exactly what you lack.
You don't win over women
by hemming and hawing.
Instead, you must
focus all your strength,
and then, Sawatzki,
then you attack!
You could write a self-help book:
"Mein Kampf... with my wife."
I like you, Sawatzki.
Come on.
Touch the fence.
You're afraid.
Come on.
It's nothing.
I didn't feel a thing.
This is so beautiful.
You must know me from the '30s.
I was just thinking,
"I know that man."
She just told me,
"He looks like..."?
Hitler.
- Exactly.
And it is me.
Do you like the Bavarian conservative party?
- Not anymore.
So who do you like?
- I'd go with the Greens.
The Greens?
- Yes.
That would be good.
Protecting nature
protects the homeland.
Protecting nature is good
and a Christian value.
It wasn't all bad back then.
- No, you can't say that.
But politics made it bad.
You can't go lamenting about the past.
Sure you can.
You have to learn from the past,
and it can't ever
be allowed to repeat itself.
It won't,
this time we'll do it right!
What you think is naive.
- It's not at all naive.
We'll do it right this time.
You should support me. Would you?
- Definitely not.
I would never.
- Do you have a pen?
I'd like to get his address.
It's for the first wave of arrests.
Then we'll see.
I'm not afraid.
I love you, Germany!
Oh, that... that stings!
Take it off!
It burns!
WORLD CUP FAN ZONE
Fuck Germany!
You're all fucking Nazis!
Shit!
- You going to take that?
Fucking traitor!
- Hang him from that tree!
This is what happens
to parasites!
Down with Germany!
Don't put up with it!
Let him have it!
Take a picture of me and Adolf.
- Okay, I will.
I love Hitler!
May I hug you?
- It would be my pleasure.
Thanks!
"Hitler's walking around."
"He's really into 'The Downfall'."
- "Looks good for his age."
Sawatzki,
you are really scaring me. Really.
This clip
has over a million clicks!
How many?
- Over a million, and I just put it up.
I've got more footage.
No way.
- Yes.
It's bold, it's provocative, it's...
In your face, you know...
Sorry.
What do you think?
Have you talked to anyone else about it?
- No.
Good.
Give me the contact and the footage.
Not necessary, he's already here.
Who?
- Adolf Hitler. Hello.
Sensen...
... brink. Hello.
Sawatzki, come with me, please.
This is no circus.
Let me spell it out
in case you're slow on the uptake:
Take that lunatic and get out.
- Hitler, don't go in there!
Mr. Hitler, you can't just...
- That's really getting old...
Mr. Sensenbrink!
- Sorry, he just charged in...
Are we that desperate?
- Not you!
I think you're right.
- About what?
Our situation is desperate.
Let us save Germany together.
Great idea, the show's over.
- Hold on a second.
How do you plan on saving Germany?
Do you drink coffee?
Occasionally.
You!
Do you drink coffee?
- Yes.
Where does your coffee come from?
Usually from Starbucks.
And who is responsible for it?
For the preservatives
they put in it?
Surely not Mr. Starbuck.
He wants nothing to do with it.
Nobody wants anything to do with it.
- True.
That's why we need a change.
A leader who is responsible for things,
body and soul.
Germany needs to know:
The Autobahn
was not built by some fool!
No, it was built by the Führer!
When you eat bread,
you know it comes from the baker.
And if you invade
what's left of the Czech Republic,
then you know
it was the fuhrer.
Is this something you've prepared?
What for, Mrs. Bellini?
The bedrock foundation of my world view
enables me
to draw the right conclusions.
Amazing. Mr. Sensenbrink,
find the proper TV format
for this gentleman.
Of course.
Just one thing, Mr. ...
Hitler.
- Yes.
We do agree:
the topic of Jews is not funny.
How right you are,
Mrs. Bellini.
I've rarely encountered
such splendid women.
Riefenstahl was one,
and this Bellini is of similar caliber.
Her tight body stands upright,
she is alert, ready with
a quick and correct response.
Like a wolf lying in wait.
In tense situations,
she may take a longer drag
from her electronic cigarette.
But otherwise, she 's under control.
What a woman!
And? How did it go?
- As expected.
Mr. Sensenbrink?
How was it?
What?
- In the office?
Oh. Just fine.
- Then I'm back in?
I'm bursting with ideas.
- I'll get in touch.
Hold on. You have to hire me back,
or else I'm taking Hitler with me.
Sure. I'll make sure you get a job
that carries some weight.
Thank you.
There you go.
Sensenbrink said it's temporary,
until a new editorial spot opens up.
I have to say,
that new comedian is really something.
It's hard to believe
he's not the real thing.
Yes, I know.
And you discovered him?
Yes.
Would you have a coffee
with me sometime?
I'm sorry.
Whenever I see you, then...
You know?
- No,
but if you want a date...
... no problem.
- Uh, yes.
And you guys are, like,
friends of Franziska's?
Apparently so.
And are you, like, emos?
Or goths,
or whatever they're called?
No, we're Satanists.
How nice.
Grandma, this is Fabian.
I won't sign a thing.
- You don't have to.
Where are the teabags?
It's so nice here.
Yummy, this cake is great.
Did you bake it?
- Why are you messing with her?
Excuse me?
- She suffers from dementia,
and you ask her if she baked
an almond-strawberry-cream cake?
Are you a sadist?
- No.
Good morning.
- Morning.
Well, this will be your new... Reich.
Get...
- Morning.
Hitler. Michael. Do you mind?
- Hi.
It works.
- What's wrong?
Laugh over there.
- Will I get my desk back?
We'll see.
Yes, then I'll pick you up later
for training.
I don't need training.
- Call it tuning.
Tuning for...
- No need.
You need it for modern TV.
- No, I need a typewriter.
Mrs. Krömeier?
She'll help you out.
I'm a pro.
- Hey there, mister...
It's not "mister,"
it's "my Führer."
Oh yeah?
- I want a proper greeting.
I knew it, I get to play a part!
- Uh...
Morning, my Führer!
- Miss Krömeier?
Lower your hand.
It's supposed to be shouted, right?
Or shouted differently?
Miss Krömeier, do me a favor?
Stop shouting.
- Jawohl, my Führer.
I agree.
Just play the secretary.
Get him connected
with the big wide world.
All right then...
Let's get started.
Then she showed me
one of the most amazing inventions:
The computer.
Back in the day,
computers weren't really my thing.
For the troops,
they seemed too bulky.
But after that computers
became ever smaller and more practical.
And then along came Douglas Engelbart
and invented this "mouse" device.
I'll take it now, okay?
With this, you move the pointer
on the desktop.
Here, try it.
With the mouse.
- Double click on the left side.
You're doing great, Mr. Hitler,
for your first time.
What name should I use
for your email?
My name. Adolf Hitler.
Is that your real name?
- No, of course not!
My real name is
Shmul Rosenzweig!
Well, great. "Shmul" is cool.
Shmul, is that with a "ch"?
- That was a joke, Miss Krömeier!
Oh.
"Adolf dot Hitler" is taken.
- What? Someone stole my name!
How about
using a different name?
You mean, like a pseudonym?
- Kind of.
I see.
Fine, then use "Wulf..."
"Wulf's"... "Wulf's Lair."
"Wulf's Lair 6" is available.
- I am not Wulf's Lair 6!
What was that thing called,
Ober... Obersalzbach?
Obersalz berg,
Fräulein Krömeier.
Use "New Reichs Chancellery."
I always liked it.
Mrs. Krömeier showed me even more.
A wonderful technology!
The Internetwork.
Enter something
you're interested in.
"World supremacy," and search.
There's everything about
world supremacy. Great, huh?
This Wikipedia...
Even the name illustrates
the ingenuity of the Aryans.
"Pedia" like "encyclopedia,"
"wiki" like the explorer blood
of the Vikings.
Are you crying, my Führer?
- No.
I'm about to cry, too.
I know enough of those types
like Sensenbrink.
Sensenbrink hopes he 's a success,
but' he 's only an accessory to success.
Because he suspects this,
he fears the moment
it is revealed
that the success is neither his,
nor was he an accessory to it.
It's bound to fail:
Hitler on primetime.
The Jewish Council will be all over us.
Bellini is outdoing you.
Just you wait.
I'm putting Hitler
on the "Whoa, Dude!" show.
The TV critics... I can only imagine
the shitstorm we'll see.
This Hitler thing...
... is going to break Katja Bellini's neck!
Asylum seekers...
COMEDY AUTHORS
"WHOA, DUDE!" SHOW
... gypsies, minorities.
I like it.
Jews, foreigners, homosexuals,
and concentration camps.
Those are good topics.
Even I could come up with something.
And now I'd like you to think up
fitting gags and one-liners.
You mean positive,
with an ironic twist, or what?
I don't quite understand.
- Funny one-liners.
Racist jokes are racist.
You know that, right?
I like it.
You like racism?
If anyone should own
the topic of racism, then it should be us.
In order to be plausible,
he has to do it.
Good. Now we're talking.
I'm just saying, there are no taboos.
There are no red lines,
and if you sense one,
you are cordially invited to cross it.
"Salafists and Jews
are similar:
circumcised,
hook-nosed and highly flammable."
"Jews rated their trip to Auschwitz:
They all gave it one star."
"What does a Jewish pedophile say?
Want to buy a candy?"
Please excuse my chuckling.
"A Salafist comes home to
his screaming child: 'What a terror'."
"My driving teacher asked me where
the gas is: 'Second door on the right'."
Jesus.
"Idioms change over time.
'Ashes to ashes' used to mean
you went to Auschwitz on vacation."
Is this what you want?
Yes.
Precisely.
Hi.
- Hi.
I just wanted to say hello.
Pleased to meet you.
Same here.
That... looks great.
Christoph, do you have a moment?
What is it?
Well, this is a great idea.
- Yes?
Hitler on the show.
Nobody asks me anymore?
It seems I no longer understand
the concept of my own show.
It's... funny.
- Oh yeah?
With Hitler, it's always a fine line.
- I know.
Your show plays with fine lines.
This will be a one-time deal.
Do I have your word?
Two. You have two words.
Oh, please!
Michi...
- Michi...
Jeanette, can you get us a drink?
- My name's Janine.
The...
... show is live.
But no need to worry...
Just be... yourself.
The show "Whoa Dude!"
confirms everything I had heard.
Witzigmann appears
in various costumes:
black U.S. president,
Muslim woman
or other minority,
to make mincemeat of current politics.
I'm on an erotic diet.
A fruit course for breakfast, lunch
and dinner, intercourse for dessert...
The transition was to happen
with a line
Witzigmann delivered
without a flinch:
Ladies and gentlemen,
he's been lost for decades,
now he's back!
Give a warm welcome to...
... Adolf Hitler!
All or nothing, here we go.
Welcome, dear Adolf, to...
... to "Whoa..."
- "Dude!"
Greetings!
All right.
Then I'd say: Bombs away!
When they see me,
the audience becomes uneasy.
They try to match my face
to that of the Hitler actors they know.
I see their unease,
which my mere gaze
transforms into breathless silence.
Is this part of the act?
Not this long.
Is it a blackout?
An assistant gives me a sign,
as if I'd forgotten my lines.
It was clear that in the face of
this seeming inaction,
that amateur Witzigmann
started to sweat.
What is this?
What's going on?
Will he do anything?
- He has to, we're live.
Michael, you take over.
- No, we wait.
Give him time.
Witzigmann doesn't understand
the power of silence, he feared it.
I let the air flow into my lungs...
... and give the silence... a sound.
Over there... is someone...
... is holding some signs.
With text for me to read out.
The text... is a joke.
A joke about immigrants.
But why make jokes about immigrants?
If you have rats in your house,
you don't get a clown,
you call pest control.
The television in my hotel...
... is this thin.
A marvel of human ingenuity.
But what is shown
on that television?
Just trash.
When times are bad...
... people need light entertainment.
That's why, in 1944,
we broadcast light comedies.
But how bad can times get...
... for the people to be bombarded
with such idiotic nonsense!
He's so right.
What kind of country is this?
Child poverty...
... old-age poverty,
unemployment...
... birthrate lower than ever.
No wonder!
Who wants to have a child
in this country?
We are racing...
... toward the abyss.
But we don't see it,
because on TV...
... you cannot see the abyss.
You see...
... a cooking show.
I will keep fighting
against TV
until we not only see the abyss,
but until we overcome it!
It is 8:45 PM,
broadcasting is returning fire.
Yes!
Yes, yes, yes!
It's getting pretty late.
- Yes.
Oh God,
I forgot to call home.
Are you married?
No, I'm not married...
No, I live with my mo...
My moth...
Come again?
- My other flatmate.
To be honest, with my mother.
Want to sleep here?
Yes.
On the couch.
- Uh, yes.
But no touching.
- No, I'd never touch you.
Who said never?
Hey, not so loud!
You'll wake my Grandma.
Margot wants one too...
- Get that asshole off my show!
Did you fall asleep in the control room?
- Enough.
I'll never forgive you.
- Michael... - Shut up.
All right, my friend...
Yes, that's enough now.
Thank you.
Oh, just shut up, Katja, okay?
Hey, leave Hitler alone!
- No, this is...
Stop it!
- Leave the Führer alone!
We've seen this act
a hundred times!
Asshole!
You're a real cunt! Let me go!
This is my show!
Put the Führer
on all the shows!
Breakfast Show,
Celebrity Dinner, whatever.
This is a hit!
- Okay.
This will be great.
Thanks, everybody. Get home safely.
- Shit.
And now our next guest!
Would it be wrong to say
he's taken Germany by storm?
Give a warm welcome to...
Adolf Hitler!
You wanted to be a painter.
It didn't work.
Was it the lack of talent, or what?
- No...
It was providence that wanted
a person like me to be a politician.
Like with a provocative rapper:
You stand on a crate yelling,
and people look, then what?
- It's not about provocation.
It's about the German people.
A leader is nothing without his people.
It's like Mozart
without a piano.
He could play violin with his sister,
but if we take that away too?
What's your piano?
- The people.
I play piano on the people.
The black keys as well?
- The black keys as well.
When they have to be pressed.
What are your plans for the future?
To make Germany great again,
and secure the survival of the Germans.
Maybe I should just leave?
Even for you, we have tasks.
- I bet.
With the Autobahn, for example.
They need people
for the toll booths.
Or in construction.
- Yes.
You have to stay Hitler?
- Yes, so I can get things done.
So you don't have any
Hitler-free moments?
No, no, I do not.
Just like you have no
Thadeusz-free moments.
It was your destiny.
And what is your destiny?
- You are a little screw...
... in the grand machine of time.
And you?
- I'm the steering wheel,
and you're the little screw.
Germans swinging from one
Jungle Camp to the next.
It's worse than the two World Wars
I experienced.
We are racing...
Toward the abyss
But we don't see it
Because on television
You cannot see the abyss
The abyss!
World War 2 wasn't that great, but now
there's a new comedian on the march.
And he imitated Hitler!
What's wrong with this guy?
At any rate, quite the rebel!
And on television, he goes and says:
"Television is trash."
And I'm like:
Hold on, I have to see this!
Should you take it seriously
or should you laugh at it?
What he's talking about
is serious, and he's kind of right.
The big question is:
Is Germany ready for this kind of humor?
... in the midst of a refugee debate,
I say: No!
No, Witzigmann,
it's not all about the ratings.
... it shouldn't be underestimated.
Back then there was a lot of talk too,
and it was put into practice.
I'm not sure
if this is a good or a bad thing.
And you have that perfect
Fashion Führer look!
The sad thing is, what he's saying
isn't all that wrong.
Child poverty, old-age poverty,
unemployment...
Chancellor or YouTube star?
He seems to have what it takes for both.
Have a child in this country...
What kind of country is this...
Do I really want to have kids
in this world?
I thought he was great,
and I'm going to stay tuned.
Child poverty, old-age poverty,
unemployment...
Yesterday on "Whoa, Dude!"...
-  I hate you,
I hate everybody.
Except for Hitler.
With his little moustache...
"Brown Gold, the Bittersweet
Attraction of Adolf H."
"The Führer, of all people,
hits the nail on the head."
Nothing but positive.
Sheer enthusiasm.
Everywhere, really. Sheer enthusiasm.
Oh, here's a bad one.
"Stop this bulshit,
you fuckin Juwish pig."
Haven't had such a good laugh
in a while.
It was pretty sad
that it took months
before I even realized
there were people who felt the calling
to continue the work of the NSDAP.
The National Democratic Party,
if you look closely behind the facade,
is only against the death penalty,
I mean for it,
for pedophiles and the like.
They're for justice.
If you will.
We're just fighting for our rights.
We could use more democracy
so that someone
can lay down the law,
and say: This is how we're doing it.
That's it, no discussion.
You are so right.
That's just my kind of democracy.
That's how I see democracy.
How do you see Germany?
What would you change in general?
HEAD OF AFD BAVARIA
So, a big topic for us
is federal finance reform.
And then another overall topic
is educational policy,
we want the government
to take more responsibility...
And finally, there's also...
Okay, he doesn't seem to agree.
This steamroller tactic by the media,
putting us in the right-wing corner...
Of course, that's no good.
You cook for National Socialism?
VEGAN NEO-NAZI
INTERNET COOKING SHOW
Only for Germany.
- We're Germans first, then Socialists.
Destiny gave us this great technology
to use for propaganda, and you,
you use it to prepare a silly stew!
How utterly idiotic!
They want to be heirs
to National Socialism? They are nothing!
Build the Fourth Reich?
They can't even build an Ikea shelf.
The political situation
DEP. CHAIRMAN NPD
is good, as underhanded as it sounds.
Of course we're not happy to see
between 200 and 400 asylum seekers
showing up in Munich each week.
I agree. The worse the situation is,
the better it is for people like us.
- It's good, politically.
You see.
I need men like you.
I'd like to send you
into the next war. Right to the front.
Would you do whatever I order?
Turn that thing off.
If you were really him,
I probably would.
SOMEWHERE IN BRANDENBURG
Thinking of Germany at night
Puts all thought of sleep to flight
Ain't that the truth.
That man brought me to tears
with his poem.
How many people can you round up?
- Over 500.
Over 500? 2000?
And they'll beat our ideas
into the heads of the intellectuals.
Not a problem.
But they'll only follow
if there really is a just cause.
That's right.
It's always about content.
Most people would even die for it.
- Sure, I'd die for my country too.
Me too.
- You see?
That's what I need.
- I'm already there.
Men like you.
- In a heartbeat.
Be strong.
- Exactly.
Schnappi, be strong!
Yes, Schnappi, be strong.
Hard as Krupp's steel,
swift as a greyhound,
tough as leather!
For Germany.
- For Germany. For the cause.
All right, then...
So long, niggas!
Niggers?
- You niggas!
That's what you say nowadays.
- There are no niggers here.
HEADQUARTERS NPD
Admittedly, the Brown House in Munich
was not earth-shattering at the time.
But this shack in Köpenick, Berlin,
how pitiful.
The building alone
looked like a hopeless case.
What is this?
- It's our doorbell nameplate.
Such a small nameplate is cowardice
before the enemy. Out of my way!
Stop, this is our office. Hello!
Can you please...
Oh, man.
Do you have a filming permit?
Since when does a national movement
hide behind bureaucracy?
I want to speak to your Reichsleiter.
You mean the chairman?
Who should I say is here?
- The name is Hitler.
Okay.
You see "hit the gas" in quotation marks.
As if you shouldn't actually
hit the gas.
Is this for Channel 7 or something?
- This is for Germany!
Okay, I got it.
Well, how nice.
It's Mr. Hitler.
Ulf Birne, Federal Chairman
of the National Democratic Party.
Please. We have to talk.
It's my pleasure.
So you represent the national cause?
- Well...
You haven't been around for a while.
I have to manage my time.
The question is, what have you
achieved up till now?
Our comrades...
- You share the trenches with comrades.
Except for me, however,
that applies to nobody here.
Okay.
We National Democrats...
- National Democrats.
National Democracy!
What's that supposed to be?
National Socialism
requires a conception of democracy
that is not suited for a name!
How stupid can you be?
Have you read my book?
- It's hard to get in Germany.
Is that your excuse for having read it?
Or for having not read it?
Or for not having quite understood it?
Well, this is...
Can we turn off the camera?
- No!
You have wasted enough time.
Each of your words
throws the movement back by decades.
What about race?
Germany for the Germans?
- Who else would it be for?
For the Poles?
Is this your best available man?
Then good luck, gentlemen.
I'd like to see Mrs. Bellini.
Where is her office?
It's over there, but I can't...
- Thanks.
We'll find it.
- You can't just...
Thank you.
Hello, Mrs. Bellini.
The cops and the D.A. are here!
- Quicker than expected.
Oh. What can I do for you?
Hello.
- The DA is here.
Göttlicher, District Attorney...
- Katja Bellini.
A complaint has been filed
charging violation of hate laws.
What?
Who filed the complaint?
Anonymous.
Ah, what a yellow-bellied snitch.
Okay, what exactly
does this mean for us?
Looks like we have to cancel
the "Führer" show.
Oh, you can keep broadcasting.
Personally, I think
the show is brilliant.
The way he...
I'm happy to hear it.
- And that stringency.
I'm sure the complaint was filed by some
left-wing liberals. You know the type.
I'm sure the investigation
will come to nothing.
This will take care of itself.
Good bye.
Mr. Sensenbrink, what about the dog?
- Dog?
I have to pay the invoice
for the dead dog.
What dog?
The dog that died while Mr. Hitler
and Sawatzki were filming.
Do I file it under write-offs?
Or under losses?
I'll handle it.
That's nice.
Heil Hitler.
What's wrong?
- You're asking me what's wrong?
A huge pile of Hitler-Nazi-shit,
that's what.
And everyone shouts, "Hurrah!"
That's what.
This is the most fucked-up, evil,
inhuman...
- You're drunk.
And you're sober.
You're doing all this bullshit
with a clear head.
You know how many people
are cheering him on?
Not because they think
he's funny, or ironic.
They think what he says is cool!
They think he's right.
And now I ask you, Mrs. Katja Bellini:
Are you okay with that?
Or don't you give a shit?
- What about all the positive reviews?
Those journalists are complete morons.
They're afraid
of missing the dramatic ambiguity.
But there is no ambiguity with
Mr. Hitler. He's just an asshole!
This is a big, brown
pile of Nazi bullshit.
And you're sitting right on top of it,
because you're the boss of it all.
- That's enough.
You're not a coward.
You're not
stupid, like so many.
You're obsessed with your career.
Careful.
- That hurt. Okay.
Good night, Mrs. Goebbels.
I have a confession to make.
We had your background checked.
Then the results
must have reassured you.
On the one hand, yes.
We found nothing incriminating.
And on the other hand?
- We found nothing at all about you.
As if you never existed.
Would you like to know
if I ever existed?
Please understand,
we need to make sure we're not
dealing with the real Hitler...
What am I saying?
Indeed. That's high treason.
So you've never been
in a right-wing party?
On the contrary:
I was a founding member.
Membership number 555.
What?
A youthful folly, I hope.
- Nonsense. In 1919,
I was 30 years old.
That's no youthful folly.
1919?
- When else?
I even thought up that fraud!
We started at 500 so it sounded like
we had more members.
Thank you
for the warm welcome.
Nice of you to join us,
and nice of you to join us.
How shall I address you tonight?
"Mr. Hitler" would suffice.
You can also say "My Führer."
- You're a comedian, aren't you?
Some people see me that way.
Are you comfortable in that role?
- I feel comfortable in every role.
I want to reach people, and you can't
reach someone who isn't listening.
So I'm willing to play the fool.
What kind of person are you?
Many newspapers
write that you're crazy.
What do you say to that?
- Do I look crazy?
Pardon me for saying so but,
a little. Your eyes scare me.
Here I stand, I cannot do other.
I am who I am.
Is that funny?
- As funny as the times we're living in.
I have my doubts whether
what you're doing is justified.
Look what we've found:
Among the clips you filmed
was this one...
What clip?
- Have a look.
I can only sell dogs
to people I trust.
You can't do that.
You don't... That...
What is this?
It's...
Damned mutt!
- My dog!
You shot my dog!
Do you find that funny?
Are we supposed to laugh?
- It was an accident.
What?
- It wasn't really that bad.
Okay, it was.
How did he get that?
You should know.
- Is that your humor?
Could you tell me
why you did that clip?
That clip...
I had to shoot that dog,
because the dog had it coming,
don't you see?
That dog bit me in the finger!
And I did exactly
what I would do to you.
I'll turn your studio
into a parking lot for tanks!
I will certainly not
be fired because of a dog.
"TV HITLER
FINALLY GETS CANNED!"
It hurts me deep down.
You tried so hard.
Spare me your false pity.
- I think he means it.
Anything is possible in TV.
The viewer will forgive nearly anything.
But killing a little dog...
The German soul will not forgive it.
My wife and I became ill
after watching this.
I wish you all the best.
Now you're at the helm.
Don't disappoint me.
Certainly not.
Hi, Mom.
We lost our hotel room.
Can we sleep here a while?
- Sure.
Thank you, madam,
your support will go down...
- Come on!
In history...
Amazing, the path that destiny takes
to reach its destination.
It brings about
these moments of crisis,
but only so I can find the time
to write a second great book.
What are you doing?
- I'm writing a new book.
And?
- Completely insane.
He describes waking up
here in modern Berlin.
I'm in it, you're in it.
I can see it made into a movie.
I have one condition: I want to do
the film adaptation of the book.
Fine.
Success was quick to come.
"TV HITLER WRITES DIARY"
"NO HITLER = NO AUDIENCE"
"TV HITLER DONATES
FOR ANIMAL PROTECTION"
LOOK WHO'S BACK" BOOK PROMOTION
Respect for how he has coped
with the new world.
I don't kill anyone,
if it's not absolutely necessary.
Fear not...
I'm quite a nice guy.
The Facebook recruiting call
for my new troops was promising,
but the raw material
left much to be desired.
My God!
And 30 more on top of that,
till you stop laughing.
Enjoying yourself. Hm?
Go on, enjoy yourself.
Are you having fun?
Doesn't look like your laughing now.
Louder!
3 MONTHS LATER
Mr. Sensenbrink, the ratings
are too low to be measured.
Ad revenue is next to nothing.
Our liquidity...
Witzigmann's show
will get us back on track.
As of now, we broadcast
"Whoa, Dude!" five times a week.
Mr. Sensenbrink...
Witzigmann...
- He has quit.
The show "Whoa, Dude!"
no longer exists.
The following men will stay in the room:
Rugemon...
... Lummlich...
... Mancello... and Nils.
How dare you?
"Whoa, Dude!" no longer exists?
I developed that show!
You are a bunch of incompetent losers!
How am I to lead a TV station
like this?
If you all sabotage me?
My God!
Out...
... out, brief candle.
What if we get Hitler back on board?
People just can't stay mad at Hitler
for very long.
And even the people who hate him
go buy his new book.
Just to see
what his next crazy move is.
You can't, that's untenable!
- It's selling like hot cakes.
They're working on the film adaptation.
We should be taking part in it.
Hey, you were always against Hitler!
- Of course!
But I wasn't
managing director at the time.
This looks... this looks great!
So this is going to the big screen,
is it?
Who are you?
Sawatzki?
- Cut!
Stop!
- Who just walked onto the set?
I thought...
Cool, huh? A silicone mask.
Is that really Sensenbrink?
- That's him.
I thought I'd pop by.
I always believed in you.
Things couldn't be going better.
Oh, do you want one of these?
Quite clever, isn't it,
with the moustache as title.
Brilliant.
And the gag is:
It costs exactly 19.33.
Like the year 1933...
- I got it.
Christoph Sensenbrink, this is:
Christoph Sensenbrink.
How long have I waited for this moment?
I'm even you in my dreams.
He's playing me?
- Yes.
But nobody knows him.
You could've gotten
Benno Fürmann or Bruno Ganz...
For such a small role?
Are you kidding?
Do you have a TV network?
- Talks are underway.
Pro7, RTL, ZDF, you name it.
If I know them,
they're all just talk.
You need a high-powered partner.
We'll boost your budget by a million,
and in return we broadcast your film.
Grandma, I'll be right back.
Hello.
- Hello.
Hey.
Hello, Fräulein Krömeier.
Well, that's taken care of.
Sorry it's such a mess.
- Don't worry...
Hitler, may I take your coat?
- Sure...
Hi, Mrs. Krömeier.
- Sorry to invade like this.
It can't be.
I'm honored. Your granddaughter
is a wonderful person.
It's Hitler!
Grandma...
- Do something!
He's not real.
She thinks it's him.
Think of your family.
So many people, all of them dead.
Do something.
I feel anger and fury
about those days too.
I will make sure that
no English bomber ever comes close...
Who said anything about bombs?
None of them
died in the bombing raids!
You gassed them!
- Grandma, it's funny, satire!
He looks the same.
He says the same things.
And back then,
people were laughing at first, too.
I know who you are.
I haven't forgotten a thing.
Madam...
- Get out!
Get out, you criminal!
Get out!
Awful.
Awful...
- Yes.
... that Fräulein Krömeier is a Jew.
I'm surprised.
That's not what I mean.
- You're disappointed.
Because I wasn't harsh enough
with that old Jewish hag.
I can understand.
But as politician, you have to
set priorities, Sawatzki.
It's like the '36 Olympics. You put
the persecution on hold for three weeks.
Can't you break character for once?
I understand that you have
feelings for Fräulein Krömeier, I do.
Perhaps only a small part of her
is Jewish.
The body can handle
a certain amount of Jewishness.
My God, what kind of a person are you?
The three kids came from there.
Yes, but I want to know:
How did you get here,
what happened before that?
I don't know.
What?
Were you just beamed over there?
Fabian, what do you say?
Didn't you ask yourself
where he came from?
Time travel?
Or he escaped from the loony bin!
Let me through.
- No.
Get out of the way.
Don't you recognize me?
Why?
Because of your little moustache?
You're stabbing Germany in the back.
You're a pig.
A pig that doesn't deserve to
... live!
You really gave us a scare.
Oh... Mrs. Bellini!
What is this?
- It's all for you.
Look,
Boris Becker wrote you.
They all wish you a quick recovery.
- Why?
Why?
You were beat up by neo-Nazis.
You're a "Champion of Democracy."
Sigmar Gabriel, vice chancellor.
Now you're a hero!
Everything okay?
I just had to laugh.
Those amateurs.
Yes, there's enough.
It's starting to rain.
We have to finish shooting!
He's just lying there.
BUNKER COMPOUND
HISTORICAL LOCATION
OF THE "FÜHRER BUNKER"
Where is he?
Where you should be. On set.
He's real. I don't know how or why,
but he's the real Adolf Hitler.
He's very authentic, we know that.
You don't get it!
It's Adolf Hitler out there,
not some comedian!
Why won't you listen to me?
That is Hitler!
Excuse me?
- He's doing what he always did.
Can I be any clearer?
We have to arrest him!
We have to do something...
Oh my God, we have to...
- Let's take a deep breath.
Mrs. Bellini, we have no time to lose.
I don't want any trouble.
- Neither do we.
Stop him!
Stop!
That was very well clone.
You're good Germans.
Thanks.
Sawatzki!
I was wondering when you'd show up.
- It's you.
You're him.
I never claimed to be anything else.
History repeats itself.
I guess it's my fate to have to part
with my dearest companions.
That way!
Yes, history repeats itself.
You're fooling people
with your propaganda.
Oh, Sawatzki...
You don't understand.
In 1933, people were not
fooled by propaganda.
They elected a leader,
who openly disclosed his plans
in great clarity.
The Germans elected me.
Go on.
You're a monster.
- Am I?
Then you have to condemn those
who elected this monster.
Were they all monsters?
No, they were ordinary people
who chose to elect
an extraordinary man,
and entrust the fate
of the country to him.
What do you want to do, Sawatzki?
Ban elections?
No, but I'm going to stop you.
Have you never asked yourself...
... why people follow me?
Because at their core,
they are just like me.
They have the same values.
And that's why you won't shoot.
You can't get rid of me.
I'm a part of you.
A part of all of you.
And look: It wasn't all bad.
And cut!
Thanks!
Stop.
Thank you!
That's a wrap, people!
Bam!
No, knock it off.
Quiet!
The boss wants to say something!
It's fine for everyone to celebrate.
But we also want
to remember our comrades,
who can no longer be with us.
A comedy with Hitler,
will that work?
There's German comedy
before and after Hitler.
He's taken entertainment
to a whole new level.
Not even Loriot managed that.
What would happen if the real Hitler
returned? Would history repeat itself?
For the past 70 years,
our entire history was fixated on that.
Students are sick of hearing
about the Third Reich.
I think, we should have a little faith.
Thank you very much.
- Thanks.
He's back
He's back here again
So they tell me
That he wasn't with me
I cannot understand
And I wonder
What has happened?
He's back
But not with me
And he does not ring at my door
And I don't know why
All the people in town
Have seen him around
He's back
What has happened?
In all our letters we wrote
Only of the happiness
And how it will be for the two of us
But one day no more letters came back
Is it all over?
Is it all over and done?
I'm not against foreigners, Turks,
Syrians, I just have a problem...
Everything has a deeper meaning.
The situation is great for me
in Germany, Europe, the world.
NO ISLAMICIZATION OF EUROPE
NO PLACE TO FLEE TO
The Austrian government
is a puppet government!
People who come to Sweden
should adapt to our lifestyle.
Riots in from' of a refugee home.
A building is burned to the ground.
... it will change our country.
It is the spectre of Islam.
They come from Tunisia and Morocco,
where we Germans go on holiday!
We are the people!
I can work with this.
BABELFISCH TRANSLATIONS
Peter Rigney